The Last Lecture Short Essay
	Randy Pausch’s “Achieving Your Childhood Dreams Lecture” is a seminar given at Carnegie Mellon in September of 2007, only a short year before his death in July of 2008. The lecture is in many ways a capstone of his career both personally and professionally, dealing with both the physical and emotional challenges which aided him in becoming the person he was. 
	He focuses the lecture on the concept of childhood aspirations. Pausch explores a list of his personal childhood dreams, including exploring zero gravity, authorizing an article in the world encyclopedia, and playing in the NFL. He explores how eventually in his life he was (or in some cases was not) able to achieve those dreams- and what that process taught him. He also explores some more lighthearted childhood fantasies, like being Captain Kirk or “winning a lot of stuffed animals''. He expresses the importance of indulging yourself in fun. I really enjoyed it when he spoke about his childhood dream of “winning a lot of stuffed animals” and then he proceeded to show an array of photos of himself winning stuffed animals. The way he spoke about fulfilling the simple joys that you have, because it makes you happy.
He then segues his personal dreams into his work with virtual reality. He talks about getting involved with computer science and virtual reality because it allowed him to fulfill his personal dreams, and additionally how his career was strengthened by communicating with others, and helping the people around him.
He finishes the lecture by speaking about his experience teaching, specifically the ETC course which he taught, which he calls “The Dream Fulfillment Factory”. He describes the joy he felt during the course, because he enjoyed so much helping others achieve their dreams. 


Ultimately I found this lecture inspiring and anthologizing, however, I didn’t see what it really has to do with MART 120. I think I felt slightly cynical going into this assignment, and I think some of my preservations remained intact, and admittedly some did fade. On one hand, the lecture is pretty great, and it did make me feel pretty optimistic in general. But along the same lines, I felt that applying the lecture to my own life in an academic way felt a little disingenuous. Its a really romantic story, which is why it's a real tear jerker, but it's not very realistic to what life is really like. I’m sure if you asked Pausch about the lecture, he would have certainly left out bits and pieces. It’s entertainment, and it's a form of commencement speech. Modeling your life after something like this is a dangerous fallacy of narrative. 

